Add README.md (#5)
turingsquad/FakedPeopleBot: README.md

# FakedPeopleBot

> This program is a group study project for ITMO University. </br> It allows to generate fake people's names, surnames and addresses. </br>

Reviewer: Probably we could replace list of data generated by bot to `fake data about persons`? Because in this case we will not need to add new options here. This list is not full, by the way. It also generates job positions and age

## Installing dependencies

> To install dependencies run this commands:</br>

Reviewer: these*

``` $ pip3 install discord.py ```</br>
``` $ pip3 install Faker ```

> ## Set up settings in [config](https://github.com/turingsquad/FakedPeopleBot/tree/master/config) files

Reviewer: Probably, we could change `files` to `directory`

> To do this you only need to change token in [config.ini](https://github.com/turingsquad/FakedPeopleBot/blob/master/config/config.ini) file.</br>You should paste a token of your bot there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `stub` in [config.ini](https://github.com/turingsquad/FakedPeopleBot/blob/master/config/config.ini) with your token
```

Reviewer: Probably, we can also paste config text down after this sentence

## How to run this bot?

In commad line you run this and bot is working:</br>

> ```python3 run_bot.py```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`python3 run_bot.py`
```

## Add bot to your server in discord

To add this bot, you just need to click this [link](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id=643102079392677898&scope=bot&permissions=34816) and choose a server. After this you are able to use your bot freely.

> ## What can do this bot?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What can this bot do?
```

***!generate — to generate a person</br>***
***!ping — checks if the bot is alive. Expected answer — "pong"</br>***
***!help — standart command which shows you all the abilities of the bot***</br>

> If you want to change the preffix, you can simply correct it and pass it as a parametr in **get_bot** function.

Reviewer: This could be probably moved to a separate section, because this is more like info for developers
